benzaabar game that makes for 150 ke
the organ ofcom one year
so usually it's at the sports palace issy-les-moulineaux applying it
to 1500 places unfortunately this year there is a European tournament
decide so we could not have the room
in the choir organizing it vote its specificity in this room here
the other two rooms in europe 1 two clubs of other scenes finally
today all the finals are here
for these beautiful full clubs where all the eyes of all categories
is found in e at least 11 years to seniors is rather to
sympathize we have been for many years now in the
first three and sometimes we win sometimes but on the podium
so it's always nice for us to organize this competition
so now as I said the wide bar brings together all
categories
at least from rauzan to senior boys and girls
so percent the best of each category scores points and at
the outcome of
of the day and end of the year when they hold m actually a ranking and
then
the club that scored the most points in each category
so carried off game bernard and you also have to have three reps in
each category to have the the bonus there
so we have representatives in all categories and we can win
if my memory is good in three or four hour tables in seniors
senior men ladies junior girls can also win in France cadets
we were going from the best against we should win
and after that we have relatively well represented except perhaps in
boys under 2 5 - 10 15 - a slight weakness anyway 28 at the
beach
of umpire month and the bossa veronas
and a spider-man team but that's all about preparing the
colors and party acts
like that everything is entered automatically does not need very little
describe manual ahres then inspector it's a person who manages in
apple computer
the Lyonnais is now because all the colors were made in
course according to the presents this is a first for this criterium
federal years so he prepares the colors is preparing the fires of
part but of all time by the computer
c speaks disconnected so-called press makes it back in nine years
matic directly on the ffbb trails was celebrated
all the seizures the performances the rankings% everything is automatic
so their blood the first three or even the first four for the 98 3
they are qualified to leave it to the regional and then their hunger
in the first three or first four of the region we go where the
national margin what is our case for three years now here is the
training% the high level 6 and finally it's sarah the scene good
representativeness of what is going on in the north the club